The main high-level concepts in AI2-THOR are the followings:  • Scene: A scene within AI2-THOR represents a virtual  room that an agent can navigate in and interact with.  • Agent: A capsule shaped entity with a radius of 0.2m  and height of 1.8m that can navigate within scenes and  interact with objects. The agent is not permitted to pass  through any physical object.  • Action: A discrete command for the Agent to perform  within a scene (e.g. MoveAhead, RotateRight, PickupObject). Actions fail if their pre-conditions are not  met. For example, the ‘Open Microwave’ action will  fail if the microwave is not in the vicinity of the agent.  • Object: An object is a 3D model inside the scene. Objects can be static or movable (pickupable). An example of a static object is cabinet that is attached to a  wall, and an example of a movable object is statue. Another categorization of objects is interactable vs noninteractable. Non-interactable objects are mainly for  generating clutter and making the scenes more realistic. An example of an interactable object is a drawer  that can be opened or closed, and an example of a noninteractable object is a sticky note on the fridge. Noninteractable objects are not included in the metadata  that our server sends. There are 102 categories of interactable objects. Each interactable object contains a  number of variations. For example, there are 30 different types of bread. There is a randomizer that can be  used to change the location of the objects. The variant  of the object that is selected per scene is deterministic  and is based on the scene number.  • Receptacles: A type of object that can contain other  objects. Sinks, refrigerators, cabinets, and tabletops  are some examples of receptacles.  • Object Visibility: An object is considered visible  when it satisfies three conditions: It must be within  the camera’s viewport, it must be within a threshold of  distance from the Agent’s center (default: 1.5 meters),  and a fixed-length thick ray emitted from the camera  must hit the object’s collision. Note that an object rendered in an image will not always be visible to the  Agent. For example, an object outside the 1.5 meter  threshold could be seen in an image, but will be reported as not-visible to the Agent.  • Object Interactability: An object is said to be interactable if it is flagged as visible and if it is unobstructed by any other objects. Most objects will be interactable as long as they are also visible, but some